#Rytearius_Gingerson

### Bravery and Cowardice

Janill Dilton and Billif Gingerson were one of the first influential settlers in Gingerton, they were blacksmiths and very successful in their early years until the wizard came. He was a large man demanding weapons and men for the war against kyele, a redhead elf who was also king of the elves. Jan and Bill both were redheads and refused him. The wizard being furious put a curse on the village, saying those with hair of red have no soul The walking dead. Jan and Bill thought nothing of it and had continued to have kids after the wizard left and they had kids with others in the village. Soon enough there were redheads everywhere but the kids seem different as if the curse was true, they had no motivation. No emotion,soon enough the villagers got t suspicious in soon, a war against redheads broke out between the village. After the battle, many cursed left the village going out to the world to find a new place to live. Some say infecting those places with the same curse. Rytearius was 10 years only redhead of six, fled to the woods because it was kick a Gingerson day, beaten and wounded he heard a strange sound coming from the woods a melody, as a search for the music, he found a shadowy figure holding a bright golden Lute in crested with gems, has heard this. Melody, he felt something, part of his soul returning, but it was too much for the dear child any fainted only waking up to having a weird stone on his chest. He felt empty again but not fully empty as if there was still part of that soul in him he grew up learning music, and travels the world now looking for that figure to hopefully restore not just his soul but his redhead brethren as well.