**In the city of Oserith, a bargain is struck between a filthy baron and powers beyond. A payment for services rendered. Five souls in exchange for a piece of power. The price of power usually being somewhat innocent souls. The highest royal court. A secret trial ends. A judge delivers his verdict: "The judge finds the accused guilty of these crimes. The half-elf Tsubaki Minakaga: Larceny and Conspiracy to murder. The dragonborn Levon Chevalier: Sacrilege and Libelous Mockery of a royal. The human Rytearious Gingerson: Public Indecency and aiding and abetting a murderer. and Dorrick Quietstone: Vandalism and Obstruction of royal decree. "human guildmaster of the order of Sword and Board: Sinclaire Dahral: The High murder of Baron Landgraab McKendrick. The verdict is Death." The guards lead the group into the holding cells. The rest of your lives are now the walls and bars. Stripped of your belongings, only three days remain until the end of your lives.

The party will introduce themselves amongst Sinclaire and discuss their options. The guards are aloof and distracted, they're not really paying attention to the prisoners (mostly because the prison is a front for a more profitable brothel) The bars are reinforced and the lock looks cheap. The cell has one door made of bars and a barred window. A few straw beds with animal skins and straw pillows lay along the walls. The security of the cells and quality of the components look more like they're meant to keep honest people in than actual skilled criminals.

"I don't think this is where our story ends, my unfortunate friends. Some of you might not know me but you probably heard from our sentence: My name is Sinclaire Dahral. You deserve an explanation of why you're stuck in here with me but we don't really have the kind of free time to get into details. Lets discuss our options to get out. This "prison" is as sealed as a barrel with no wood. If we can make it out without alerting the guards too much we may be able to recover your equipment without much trouble.

Sinclaire has [Invitation] allowing the party to escape if the envelope can be planted on a guard, but Sinclaire doesn't want to use it if he doesn't have to. The party can be spotted being suspicious and on the third instance an extra guard detail will be posted by the cell to prevent any funny business. The party can fight their way out and if they do, Sinclaire will not help a lot. If the party doesn't have any great ideas, Sinclaire has A Plan, in exchange for a favor: Mark the specific cell by having a party member wound themselves somehow and bleed on the window's bars. Sinclaire's people will shoot an arrow of opening through the window allowing someone in the party to pick the door open and sneak out. The next cell has another group of prisoners but only Jackson, Son of Jack will respond. He's serving time for impersonation. in exchange for something he will distract a guard by faking a fight in the cell. Sinclaire knows the farthest cell in the block has a false bed but its usually got a drunk in it that won't let the party through easily. At night guard patrols are pretty loose but Sinclaire knows the timing and an outsider will yell when the shift change happens

The exit tunnel leads to a broken stove in a decrepit abandoned house. The squatters don't seem to mind as the party dusts themselves off and exit. The city seems almost like a completely different space at night. The hustle and bustle doesn't really relax, it only seems like the crowds are less mothers and children and more shady rogues and vagrants that still have business to conduct under the relative dark cover of night. Food stalls, tailors, cobblers and general markets close up and make room for the business of brothels, black markets and taverns. "My friends, I must return to my guild and let them know I am safe. Guards will not notice us as criminals since we've already been arrested, we have no warrents, yet, until the next morning and the wardens realize we've left. All your posessions should be at The Rope and Lamp storehouse not far from here. Once you have your gear, return to me at the guild and we may discuss the second part of our plan.

On the outside, Sinclaire will direct the party to where they can find their confiscated equipment at a storehouse owned by the baron. Sinclaire will split from the party but return to the guild for now. The party can hit the town for a while but will need to return to the guild before nightfall. The storehouse has a shop front and a small stash of wares in the back. One merchant and two guards. The party will have to find a way to get in the back and reclaim their gear and stock up

Once the party approaches the storehouse, it looks in need of a clean. A veneer of dust and grime covers a lot of the surfaces and corners. The door creaks when opened and a strange smell permeates the air. A dwarf runs the store and beckons the party over with open arms. "Welcome to the Rope and Lamp! You fine folk look like you're in need of some good gear! A new shipment just arrived, come look! HEY AMYR! BRING OUT SOME NEW STUFF FOR DISPLAY! A shabby looking half orc brings some gear and weapons that look a little too familiar. The dwarf's name is Baisom Tynwylya.

At the guild, the apprentices will try and keep the party out but before a fight could break out Sinclaire will welcome the party in. Sinclaire will take the party into the office and detail his plan: Break into the baron's holiday mansion on the outskirts of town, find the hidden vault and empty it of all its riches. The party is roped into the plan by way of needing some revenge for being unfairly tried and sentenced to a crime they didn't commit and finding some evidence of the Baron's frame job and the items planted in the baron's vault to frame him back.. The party will have a short rest and in the cover of night, approach the mansion.

You've approached this large tall building with a big symbol of a sword crossed with a board with small wheels on it. A small group of four youths exit the front door and confronts the party. They're dressed in sparring gear and have the same symbols on the left side of their dueling shirts. You seem to recognize them as Apprentices of the guild. The lowest rank held by members of the guilds. "Do you have some business with the guild? We don't have openings for odd jobs anymore!" The youths chuckle in agreement. "Business hours are during the day, now scram!" Ahem! "I think they have business with me." Sinclaire approaches the youths from behind and they immediately break their line and stand to either side of Sinclaire and bow. "We're sorry master!" "Go practice your falls 20 more times, each of you!" Sinclaire barks. The youths look almost scared and after shooting a scowling glance at the party they scamper off. "I apologize, my friends, please come into my office. we have a lot to discuss.

On the walk up to the study, Sinclaire asks about the storehouse and how that went down. If it was loud then Sinclair will have heard of some hustle and bustle happening down there. The guild quarter has a big training room with ramps, small rails and half pipes, a warehouse for storage of guild related items and gear, an office for the guildmaster, a small dining room and a small barrack for tired apprentices. Everything is marked with a smaller simpler symbol like the one on the building to denote most of the items of the building do belong to the guild, even down to the chairs and spoons. In the training hall the apprentices are doing drills on falling from a medium height. In pairs, one person pushes another off a small block and the person falling tries to recover as quickly as possible or land gracefully. Each subtle change in where and how they were pushed resulting in a different kind of fall requiring cat-like reflexes to maintain balance and regain composure. It's not easy to tell exactly what martial fighting style is being trained here because for the most part, guilds are kept to some level of secrecy, at least to outsiders like yourselves.

At Sinclaire's office four chairs face his fancy desk. Sinclaire gestures the party to sit and offers the party a drink from his private collection. His office is spacious and fancy. A small shelf of books sits beneath a large window overlooking a view of the city. An ashtray with a smoking cigar sits on his desk by a candle and a large map. "Lets have a small toast to our stay of execution and good fortune on our next mission ahead! To fortune!" Sinclair sits down and puffs his cigar. "My friends! Let us talk business. Then we will break for a small recess and reconvene before we head out for our little caper."

Sinclaire will answer all the party's questions about himself, the arrest or the so called murder of Baron McKendrick. Here's the deets

- Sinclaire did not kill the baron and the party hasn't helped him do so. Up until they got thrown into jail they scarcely knew who Sinclaire or McKendrick were.
    
- All the crimes they were guilty of was basically all planted evidence and fake testimony. The judge was likely paid off too.
    
- It seems likely that the five of us were targeted at random to confound or confuse anyone actually trying to figure out the truth behind McKendrick's "murder"
    
- McKendrick and Sinclaire have been feuding for a while now. Sinclaire keeps trying to get McKendrick on the hook for neglecting his ward and profiting off the suffering of its people, his guards extorting protection money from the businesses they're already paid to protect, etc The guild is part of his ward too but have not been cooperating with its guards and trying to keep them off the businesses that can't afford their extortion attempts.
    
- This has also then lead to actual confrontations between the guild and the guards. The guildsmen that end up in the jail usually end up escaping because the prison comissioner equally despises McKendrick and wants him gone too. The guild doesn't work with the jail but the jail usually ends up woefully understaffed and practically lets prisoners go (at least the mostly innocent prisoners since the comissioner knows McKendrick tends to throw anyone he doesn't like into jail for the smallest reasons)
    
- Sinclaire is the Grandmaster of his guild, The Order of the Sword and Board. He oversees work done by his main 5 Craftsmen, experts in the field of combat. They retain a cadre of 5 Journeymen each, adept in the teamwork of the guild and the Journeymen maintain 2-3 apprentices, those beginning to learn the ropes of their unique fighting style.
    
- Guilds operate as small unions of trained combat ready millita. They usually keep the (privately owned) guards in check. The guards keep the people in check and the people keep the guilds in check. Guilds have to maintain the ward usually by helping the needy or defending the people from threats or overly zealous guards. Some guilds in affluent wards spend more time feuding and fighting turf battles with other guilds for sport and to keep their patron deity appeased. Guilds are technically religous organizations but only master craftsmen and the grandmasters have to worry about that. Usually a guild is characterized by whichever patron they appease to.
    

"I'm sorry to have you tied up in my business seeing as you're not exactly part of our little family. I sincerely wish you could walk away from this without any of my my mess splashing onto you, but I cannot spare my craftsmen from their duties. The baron's guards keep trying to crack down on our guilds activities short of just storming our building and hauling us all off in chains. They tried to but I decided I should allow myself to be taken rather than risk my guildsmen from their more important duties.

Now, lets talk about our next action. The baron's secrets. My sources tell me the baron's vacation home has some sort of vault hidden in it. The baron's castle is a little too well fortified but if my source is right - and they usually always are - then the baron really has faked his death and just disappeared to his vacation home. The baron probably wouldn't be so stupid to leave his fortune there so his vault likely contains things like his secrets and other skeletons in his closet. You four will need to enter the building and find his vault, find his secrets. The baron might be there but to keep up appearances that he's actually dead all his personal guard haven't moved from his main castle due to him not telling them of his disappearance. I will be joining you but I can't join you in combat. My body isn't cut out for battle these days and I'll need to setup the way we're going to frame him back so I'll be carefully doing that in his mansion too.

The party will have a short rest. and stock up on any nonessential gear from the guild storehoue but hopefully the party picked up some stuff from the baron's storehoue instead.

The party sets off for the outskirts of town. Moving through the cover of night and posing as a bunch of drunks being led by their dry friend, Sinclaire hails a carriage to bring the party close to the mansion. Along the edge of Lake Gali, A large and wide mansion stands before the party. Iron bars and a gate prevent entrance to the winding garden path that leads to the mansion itself.  The gardens are kept prim and proper with pruned bushes and arranged flowers along its path. Large pillars adorn the sides of the front door, the mansion looks ostentacious and very relaxing if one were a corrupt baron seeking refuge from the hustle and bustle of the city. 

The bars and front door are locked. The mansion can only be entered by the front door. Upon all the party entering the mansion the front doors will slam shut, revealing that on the other side there is no door knob or lock. Follow the Fistandia's mansion segment of Candlekeep's for the actual dungeon

"My friends, We have work to do. Finding the Baron's vault is your task and framing him will be mine. I will stay behind but not too far behind. In combat I cannot assist you because I will be searching for the vault myself. I may be of some assistance for advice or anything else you may need.

Once all the books have been found and the command word has been spoken a private sanctum opens a plain section of wall by the door. A vault of journals and recordbooks, secrets kept by the baron, magic artifacts and obviously 2d6x500 piles of gold and valuables. and a spectator who guards what looks to be an egg made of pure jade. Sinclaire recognizes this egg as the kind of egg that births gods. The baron gave up your lives in death for a god's egg. A closer look reveals the baron is in the egg. Sinclaire will take the egg and some of the valuables for allowing the party to be free but the rest of the relics are for the party to keep.

The clamor of battle settles down. The stench of abyssal blood fills the air and the decisive blow landed, the spectator releases one final scream. The fight is over. Sinclaire emerges from behind cover and witnesses the scene. "by the gods... This was what the baron was hiding all along?! Look!" Pointing to the egg. "We need to find out what's inside the egg."

Shining a light behind it will reveal the outline of a person. The books scattered on the floors will reveal that the baron actually put himself inside the egg. The books also reveal that by sacrificing five innocents, the ritual will cause one individual to be reborn as an Old One. A DC 15 Arcana check reveals the specific Old One would be The Beast of a Thousand Faces, a being of considerable knowledge and infinite persuasion to impose his will on anyone. The books mention that after 100 years the egg would hatch and the Old One would be set upon Oserith. The party then needs to come upon how the baron would be framed. While searching the alchemy lab the party finds a book on how to brew a potion that could brew a draught that could confer considerable power onto a person by brewing Greater Albumen and Midnight Violets. Sinclaire will keep a note of this.

The frame job would be to place the alchemical equipment into the vault to make it seem more like the baron was conducting an illegal transmutation lab. This alone is enough to indict him in absentia. The party should finish their business in the mansion before speaking the command word again to close the portal and reveal the exit to the mansion.

Dismissing the portal brings all 7 books loosely scattered around the room, and the warded doors open again. On the other side stands an angry looking drow woman. Lledrith Xiltyn. She's wearing an all dark tan leather and cloth armor with red and gold threads woven through. Sinclaire is shocked to see her. "L-Leah, I can explain-" "Explain? You can explain it to the king when I bring him your skull, all hollow and empty and your littlle posse of taffers will be woven into a rug to adorn my latrine! What do you have to say for yourself?! Breaking out of jail..." She continues scolding Sinclaire for a few more minutes explaining that she's been following the group for a while now only to find them in the baron's vacation mansion. While gasping for breath she finishes her verbal assault: "...And I will personally see to it that your limbs will be sent to the four corners of the world! Now what do you have to say for yourself before I bring you in?"

Lledrith is the spymaster for the king, Presumably not the first time she has encountered Sinclaire doing his usual stunts. The party will try to explain to her (successfully or truthfully or otherwise) why they ended up in the mansion. Leah writes down in a little book the party's various testimony and her own evidence of the mansion and the state it was left in. She doesn't really believe the baron could be making sacrifices to Old Ones for power but most certainly believes he would be illegally transmuting metal into gold.

"Under Royal Decree, The sentence of Sinclaire Dahral et al. has been overturned until sufficient investigation has been conducted." She reads almost dissappointingly. "You are a very brave or lucky man... But for now your group is free to leave. Whatever spoils you stole from here will be forgotten. We have no idea how much dirty money the baron had but do not come crying to me if you end up robbed and then penniless." She shrugs, looking almost smug. Now do me a favor and leave before you end up in jail again for trespassing. My team needs to search every inch of this place."

dialogue for the white wyrm confronting the party after the vault.

Once the party exits the vault, depending on if ren is keeping watch for any stragglers or if mirt was told about the vault's location, either ren or mirt could be waiting outside the vault. Ren will be laid back and keeping stern watch over the entrance to the old tower. Mirt will be cautious and stay down by the vault, having a league patrol keep an eye on the tower. On exiting the vault Ren will rush down from the stairs and stand ready to fight the encroaching white wyrm. If Mirt is present, Mirt will tell the party he's got some patrolmen keeping watch and at that moment, a body rolls down the stairs as the wyrm makes her entrance. In an case, the party hears some commotion from above the stairs (the guards fighting the wyrm) and that will indicate her presence.

 "

"I should thank you for leading me directly to the vault! But your story ends here. The vault and the gold belongs to me!**

**Tsubaki changes for faction quests:

Davil Starsong is still the questgiver for black chrysanthemum quests and he still gets arrested but then gets replaced by Ren possibly have him run somewhere else and tsubaki notices him and then gives chase while telling the party members not to follow but more likely one of the quests will be a ploy to get tsubaki somewhere by the city of the dead for a fight or something i dunno 

  

after destroying the flower on tsubaki, she won’t be a pawn for the black network anymore but instead she will probably end up allying with white owls. From there she can consult whether or not they will end up fighting against the mask of blind faith or probably just wait until later. there’s probably a decent reason to fight them anyways to stop the gang war but that may lead to an imbalance of power during the gang war.

## Chapter 4 Changes

Juliette is introduced as a stalking, nemesis-like villain.

  

Cassalanter’s and all Asmodeus worship is changed into Tiamat instead. At the end of the Vault of Dragons, Juliette appears instead of the changeling butler.

  

In the search for the stone of golorr,**